README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif"/>
</div>

# 👨‍💻 Satyajit Sahu | Aspiring Data Scientist
### 🚀 Exploring data, building insights, learning everyday

Hello! I'm Satyajit, an enthusiastic learner diving deep into the world of Data Science and Machine Learning. I'm passionate about uncovering patterns, extracting meaningful insights from data, and building intelligent solutions. My journey has just begun, and I'm excited to explore new technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and grow as a developer and data professional.

---

## 🎯 Current Focus

- 🔭 Working on: **Foundational Data Science Projects & Python Practice**
- 🌱 Learning: **Advanced Python, Machine Learning Algorithms, Data Visualization techniques**
- 👯 Looking to collaborate on: **Entry-level Data Science challenges and Python scripting tasks**
- 💬 Ask me about: **Python fundamentals, data exploration, and beginner-friendly machine learning concepts**
- ⚡ Fun fact: **I love solving puzzles, both in code and real life!**

---

## 🛠️ Technology Arsenal

### 💻 Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### 📊 Data Science & ML Libraries
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-BA4C33?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-30A8D9?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)


### 📈 Contribution Activity
<img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=satyajit450&theme=tokyo-night&bg_color=1a1b27&color=70a5fd&line=bf91f3&point=38bdae&area=true&hide_border=true"/>

### 🔥 Streak Statistics
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=satyajit450&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true"/>
</p>

### 📅 Contribution Calendar

![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/satyajit450/satyajit450/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)


## 🏗️ Featured Projects

<div align="center">

### 🌟 [Data Exploration with Pandas](https://github.com/satyajit450/data_exploration_with_pandas)

**Tech Stack:** Python • Pandas • Jupyter Notebook  
**Status:** ✅ Complete | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*A beginner-friendly project focused on cleaning, transforming, and analyzing a public dataset using the Pandas library.*

---

### 🔥 [Basic Machine Learning Model](https://github.com/satyajit450/basic_ml_model)

**Tech Stack:** Python • Scikit-learn • Matplotlib  
**Status:** 🚧 In Development | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*This project explores a simple classification task using Scikit-learn, demonstrating basic model training and evaluation.*

---

### ⚡ [SQL Data Analysis Challenge](https://github.com/satyajit450/sql_data_analysis_challenge)

**Tech Stack:** SQL • 
**Status:** ✅ Complete | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*A collection of SQL queries designed to practice data retrieval, aggregation, and manipulation skills on a sample database.*

</div>

---

## 🎓 Certifications & Achievements
- 📜 Python for Data Science (Coursera/edX)
- 📊 SQL for Data Analysis (DataCamp)
- 📚 Introduction to Machine Learning (Online Course)

---

## 🎯 2026 Goals
- 🚀 Complete 5 more practical data science projects
- 📚 Master key machine learning algorithms (Regression, Classification)
- 🌟 Contribute to a beginner-friendly open-source project
- 📝 Share learnings through blog posts or project READMEs

---

## 🌐 Let's Connect & Collaborate

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/satyajit450)  
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/YOUR_TWITTER)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://yourportfolio.com)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:satyajit450@gmail.com)  

### 📱 Social Presence
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/satyajit450?style=social)](https://github.com/satyajit450)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/YOUR_TWITTER?style=social)](https://twitter.com/YOUR_TWITTER)

</div>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=satyajit450&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views"/>

  ### 🚀 "Data is the new oil!"

  <sub>⭐ Feel free to star any repositories you find interesting!</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

Update GitHub Streak image and certification sources

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img height="150" src="https://media.giphy.com/media/M9gbBd9nbDrOTu1Mqx/giphy.gif"/>
</div>

# 👨‍💻 Satyajit Sahu | Aspiring Data Scientist
### 🚀 Exploring data, building insights, learning everyday

Hello! I'm Satyajit, an enthusiastic learner diving deep into the world of Data Science and Machine Learning. I'm passionate about uncovering patterns, extracting meaningful insights from data, and building intelligent solutions. My journey has just begun, and I'm excited to explore new technologies, contribute to impactful projects, and grow as a developer and data professional.

---

## 🎯 Current Focus

- 🔭 Working on: **Foundational Data Science Projects & Python Practice**
- 🌱 Learning: **Advanced Python, Machine Learning Algorithms, Data Visualization techniques**
- 👯 Looking to collaborate on: **Entry-level Data Science challenges and Python scripting tasks**
- 💬 Ask me about: **Python fundamentals, data exploration, and beginner-friendly machine learning concepts**
- ⚡ Fun fact: **I love solving puzzles, both in code and real life!**

---

## 🛠️ Technology Arsenal

### 💻 Programming Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)

### 📊 Data Science & ML Libraries
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-BA4C33?style=for-the-badge&logo=matplotlib&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-30A8D9?style=for-the-badge&logo=seaborn&logoColor=white)

### 🗄️ Databases
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-005C84?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)


### 📈 Contribution Activity
<img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=satyajit450&theme=tokyo-night&bg_color=1a1b27&color=70a5fd&line=bf91f3&point=38bdae&area=true&hide_border=true"/>

### 🔥 Streak Statistics

  ![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com/?user=satyajit450&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

  
### 📅 Contribution Calendar

![snake](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/satyajit450/satyajit450/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg)


## 🏗️ Featured Projects

<div align="center">

### 🌟 [Data Exploration with Pandas](https://github.com/satyajit450/data_exploration_with_pandas)

**Tech Stack:** Python • Pandas • Jupyter Notebook  
**Status:** ✅ Complete | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*A beginner-friendly project focused on cleaning, transforming, and analyzing a public dataset using the Pandas library.*

---

### 🔥 [Basic Machine Learning Model](https://github.com/satyajit450/basic_ml_model)

**Tech Stack:** Python • Scikit-learn • Matplotlib  
**Status:** 🚧 In Development | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*This project explores a simple classification task using Scikit-learn, demonstrating basic model training and evaluation.*

---

### ⚡ [SQL Data Analysis Challenge](https://github.com/satyajit450/sql_data_analysis_challenge)

**Tech Stack:** SQL • 
**Status:** ✅ Complete | ⭐ 0+ Stars | 🍴 0+ Forks  
*A collection of SQL queries designed to practice data retrieval, aggregation, and manipulation skills on a sample database.*

</div>

---

## 🎓 Certifications & Achievements
- 📜 Python for Data Science (CodeWithHarry)
- 📊 SQL for Data Analysis (CodeWithHarry)
- 📚 Introduction to Machine Learning (Online Course)

---

## 🎯 2026 Goals
- 🚀 Complete 5 more practical data science projects
- 📚 Master key machine learning algorithms (Regression, Classification)
- 🌟 Contribute to a beginner-friendly open-source project
- 📝 Share learnings through blog posts or project READMEs

---

## 🌐 Let's Connect & Collaborate

<div align="center">

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/satyajit450)  
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/YOUR_TWITTER)  
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-FF5722?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white)](https://yourportfolio.com)  
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:satyajit450@gmail.com)  

### 📱 Social Presence
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/satyajit450?style=social)](https://github.com/satyajit450)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/YOUR_TWITTER?style=social)](https://twitter.com/YOUR_TWITTER)

</div>
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=satyajit450&color=blueviolet&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views"/>

  ### 🚀 "Data is the new oil!"

  <sub>⭐ Feel free to star any repositories you find interesting!</sub>
</div>
